DISCLAIMER

The open-source software for self-driving vehicles, Autoware.AI, Autoware.IO,
Autoware.Auto. (collectively, referred to as “Autoware”) will be provided by
The Autoware Foundation under the Apache 2.0 License. This “DISCLAIMER” will be
applied to all users of Autoware (a “User” or “Users”) with the Apache 2.0
License and Users shall hereby approve and acknowledge all the contents
specified in this disclaimer below and will be deemed to consent to this
disclaimer without any objection upon utilizing or downloading Autoware.


Disclaimer and Waiver of Warranties

1.  AUTOWARE FOUNDATION MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO PROVIDING AUTOWARE (the “Service”)
including but not limited to any representation or warranty (i) of fitness or
suitability for a particular purpose contemplated by the Users, (ii) of the
expected functions, commercial value, accuracy, or usefulness of the Service,
(iii) that the use by the Users of the Service complies with the laws and
regulations applicable to the Users or any internal rules established by
industrial organizations, (iv) that the Service will be free of interruption or
defects, (v) of the non-infringement of any third party's right and (vi) the
accuracy of the content of the Services and the software itself.

2.  The Autoware Foundation shall not be liable for any damage incurred by the
User that are attributable to the Autoware Foundation for any reasons
whatsoever. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE AUTOWARE FOUNDATION BE LIABLE FOR
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR FUTURE DAMAGES OR LOSS OF PROFITS.

3.  A User shall be entirely responsible for the content posted by the User and
its use of any content of the Service or the Website. If the User is held
responsible in a civil action such as a claim for damages or even in a criminal
case, the Autoware Foundation and member companies, governments and academic &
non-profit organizations and their directors, officers, employees and agents
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) shall be completely discharged from
any rights or assertions the User may have against the Indemnified Parties, or
from any legal action, litigation or similar procedures.


Indemnity

A User shall indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from any of
their damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses (including attorneys'
fees or criminal compensation), or any claims or demands made against the
Indemnified Parties by any third party, due to or arising out of, or in
connection with utilizing Autoware (including the representations and
warranties), the violation of applicable Product Liability Law of each country
(including criminal case) or violation of any applicable laws by the Users, or
the content posted by the User or its use of any content of the Service or the
Website.
